# GoldEn Retriever Prepared Data Files

**Note**: Please run `bash scripts/download_prepared_data.sh` from the root directory of the repository first to populate this directory.

This folder contains data files we have prepared with the GoldEn Retriever pipeline, so that researchers can easily train and test their few-document multi-hop QA models in an open-context open-domain setting (or simply improve on their few-document QA models with a different set of "distractor" paragraphs).

This folder contains four JSON files:

1. `hotpot_train_golden.json` is the training set we use to train our final question answering component. It has the same format as the distractor training set, i.e., the two gold paragraphs are always present, along with up to eight distractor paragraphs. The distractor paragraphs come from both stages of information retrieval, and thus are less susceptible to the same bias of in the original distractor setting.
2. `hotpot_dev_distractor_golden.json` is the corresponding development set, parallel to the original distractor setting.
3. `hotpot_dev_fullwiki_golden.json` contains 10 paragraphs for each question retrieved by the GoldEn Retriever pipeline with the oracle queries derived from our process of generating supervision signal, and the gold paragraphs are not guaranteed to be present. This provides a better estimate for open-domain QA performance at development time.
4. `hotpot_test_fullwiki_input_golden.json` is the input file to the final QA component we used for our leaderboard submission. This file could also serve as a drop-in replacement for other QA systems (especially few-document ones) since it's in the same format as the HotpotQA dataset. The documents are retrieved with queries generated by our trained GoldEn Retriever query generation models.